[Docs] Metrics configured in CM (#3948)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/ref-prometheus-metrics.adoc

[id='ref-metrics-{context}']
= Metrics configuration

Prometheus metrics are enabled by configuring the `metricsConfig` property in following resources:

* `Kafka.spec.kafka`
* `Kafka.spec.zookeeper`
* `KafkaConnect.spec`
* `KafkaConnectS2I.spec`

> When the `metricsConfig` property is not defined in the resource, the Prometheus metrics will be disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the `metricsConfig` property is not defined in the resource, the Prometheus metrics are disabled.
```

> To enable Prometheus metrics export without any further configuration, you can set reference to a ConfigMap containing empty data under specified key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Prometheus metrics export without further configuration, you can reference a ConfigMap containing empty data under a specified key.
```

> .Example of enabling metrics without any further configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Enabling metrics without any configuration
```

Reviewer: Not sure we need this example now?

[id='ref-metrics-{context}']
= Metrics configuration

Prometheus metrics are enabled by configuring the `metricsConfig` property in following resources:

* `Kafka.spec.kafka`
* `Kafka.spec.zookeeper`
* `KafkaConnect.spec`
* `KafkaConnectS2I.spec`

When the `metricsConfig` property is not defined in the resource, the Prometheus metrics are disabled.

> To enable Prometheus metrics export without further configuration, you can reference a ConfigMap containing empty file under a specified key.

Reviewer 2: ditto as above.

[id='ref-metrics-{context}']
= Metrics configuration

Prometheus metrics are enabled by configuring the `metricsConfig` property in following resources:

* `Kafka.spec.kafka`
* `Kafka.spec.zookeeper`
* `KafkaConnect.spec`
* `KafkaConnectS2I.spec`

When the `metricsConfig` property is not defined in the resource, the Prometheus metrics are disabled.

> To enable Prometheus metrics export without further configuration, you can reference a ConfigMap containing empty file under a specified key.

Reviewer 2: ditto as above.

> To enable Prometheus metrics export without further configuration, you can reference a ConfigMap containing empty file under `metricsConfig.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.key`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable Prometheus metrics export without further configuration, you can reference a ConfigMap containing an empty file under `metricsConfig.valueFrom.configMapKeyRef.key`.
```

> All metrics without any renaming will be exposed in such a case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When referencing an empty file, all metrics are exposed as long as they have not been renamed.
```

> .Enabling metrics without further configuration

Reviewer 3: Not sure this example still makes sense as the example here is the same as the example right below it. So I guess you should either remove one of the examples. Or you should add also a YAML example of the config map => here one with config mp having just empty file under the key and below an example of a config map with some configuration.

spec:
  kafka:
    # ...
    metricsConfig:
     type: jmxPrometheusExporter
     valueFrom:
       configMapKeyRef:
         name: my-config-map
         key: my-key
    # ...
  zookeeper:
    # ...
----

> The `metricsConfig` property might contain a reference to the ConfigMap containing additional configuration for the link:https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter[Prometheus JMX exporter^].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `metricsConfig` property can contain a reference to the ConfigMap that contain additional configuration for the link:https://github.com/prometheus/jmx_exporter[Prometheus JMX exporter^].
```

> .Example of enabling metrics with additional Prometheus JMX Exporter configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Enabling metrics with additional Prometheus JMX Exporter configuration
```

Reviewer: Maybe we have one example called _Enabling metrics using metricsConfig_ And then we add a sentence after saying something like: _If no further configuration is needed, the ConfigMap reference is empty. If further configuration is needed, the ConfigMap contains additional JMX exporter configuration._
